The first occupation that these adults forget so quickly
Within three hours
According to the materials prepared on the paper, prepare them for me.
Notification will be announced in two hours.
My lord, I am in the concubine's mansion
Hahahahaha
The rich woman has not arrived yet
Are we just waiting?
Take it easy
What are you in a hurry
He built a siege weapon
It's not like you're tight against frontier warriors
It's helpless
Master Consort hopes it's all on you
Come quickly!
This is what you call a hero weapon
Consort, what is this?
Why have you never seen
How to use it
I made this thing three days in a row
It's called artillery.
It's incredibly powerful.
Especially suitable for siege
This object presents
The army will be invincible
Why didn't I see this?
Somebody make a fire